A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance."
Sloths can hold their breath for up to 40 minutes underwater.
The longest-living animal is the ocean quahog clam, which can live for over 500 years.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A baby kangaroo is called a joey.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
A giraffe's neck contains the same number of vertebrae as a human's—seven.
The heart of a blue whale is so large that a human could swim through its arteries.
Octopuses have three hearts.
A cheetah can accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in just a few seconds.
Penguins propose to their mates with a pebble.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Seahorses are the only animals in which the male carries the unborn babies.
Koalas sleep up to 22 hours a day.
Wombats have cube-shaped poop.
Starfish can regenerate lost arms.
An adult human is about 60% water, but a jellyfish is about 95% water.
Polar bear skin is black, and its fur is transparent.
Hummingbirds can hover in place thanks to their ability to flap their wings in a figure-eight pattern.
Some turtles can breathe through their butts.
Giraffes only need 5 to 30 minutes of sleep a day.
A group of crows is called a murder.
A lion’s roar can be heard from 5 miles away.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. It lasted only 38 minutes.
The only mammals capable of flight are bats.
A rhinoceros' horn is made of keratin, the same substance found in human hair and nails.
Horses can sleep both lying down and standing up.
A female polar bear will give birth to twins, typically.
An octopus can change color to blend into its surroundings.
The only continent where snakes don’t exist is Antarctica.
Dolphins have names for each other and can call out to one another.
The fastest animal on Earth is the peregrine falcon, which can dive at speeds of over 240 mph.
A shark’s skeleton is made of cartilage, not bone.
The platypus is one of the few mammals that lay eggs.
Cows have best friends and can become stressed when they are separated from them.
Elephants are known to mourn the death of loved ones.
A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
Rats can laugh when tickled.
Owls can rotate their heads 270 degrees.
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.
Bees can recognize human faces.
There are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on Earth.
A group of zebras is called a dazzle.
Hummingbirds are the smallest migrating birds.
Cheetahs have black tear marks under their eyes to reduce glare from the sun.
A snail can sleep for up to three years.
The first animal to be cloned was a sheep named Dolly.
A giraffe's tongue is blue to prevent sunburn.
Hippos can run faster than humans.
Sharks have been around longer than trees.
A bat can eat up to 1,000 insects an hour.
An elephant's trunk has more than 40,000 muscles.
Polar bears can overheat when they run, despite their cold habitat.
Some frogs can freeze solid in winter and thaw out in the spring.
Cats have five toes on their front paws but only four toes on their back paws.
The tongue of a blue whale weighs as much as an elephant.
An alligator’s bite is 30 times stronger than a human’s.
A group of elephants is called a parade.
Snakes can sense heat through special pits on their faces.
Giraffes only need to drink once every few days.
Dogs’ sense of smell is 40 times more powerful than humans'.
In the wild, lions are the most social of all big cats.
Sloths are excellent swimmers.
The star-nosed mole is the fastest eater in the animal kingdom.
A jellyfish's body is 95% water.
A group of ants is called a colony.
All dolphins are born tail first.
The longest migration of any animal is by the Arctic Tern, which travels up to 25,000 miles each year.
Elephants can "hear" with their feet by sensing vibrations in the ground.
A frog can regrow lost limbs.
Giraffes are the tallest mammals on Earth.
Cats can rotate their ears 180 degrees.
The smallest bird in the world is the bee hummingbird, measuring just 2.2 inches long.
Some species of bats can live up to 30 years.
A chameleon can change its color to match its environment.
A male seahorse is the one who carries the eggs.
Bees are responsible for pollinating around 70% of flowering plants.
The cheetah's acceleration is faster than a sports car.
Elephants have the longest gestation period of any land animal, lasting around 660 days.
Koalas have fingerprints that are almost identical to humans'.
A bat's wing is a modified human hand.
A whale's heart can weigh as much as a small car.
The smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat, weighing about 2 grams.
The longest-living land animal is the tortoise, with some species living over 150 years.
Giraffes have black tongues to protect them from sunburn while feeding.
Polar bears have black skin under their white fur.
Some turtles can live for more than 100 years.
A wolf pack is led by an alpha male and female.
There are over 200 different species of sharks.
A cheetah's claws don't retract, unlike most other cats.
The largest living lizard is the Komodo dragon, which can grow up to 10 feet long.
A rabbit's teeth never stop growing.
A horse can sleep while standing, but it also needs to lie down to get deep sleep.
A group of bats is called a cauldron.
A single elephant can consume up to 300 pounds of food in a single day.
Crows are highly intelligent and can use tools to obtain food.
The world’s largest rodent is the capybara, which can weigh up to 140 pounds.
A peacock’s tail feathers are actually called a "train."
Horses can see nearly 360 degrees around them.
The shortest war in history lasted only 38 minutes between Britain and Zanzibar.
Pigs are considered to be more intelligent than dogs.
An owl can see in nearly complete darkness.
The black widow spider's venom is 15 times stronger than that of a rattlesnake.
The fastest marine animal is the black marlin, reaching speeds up to 82 mph.
Penguins can’t fly, but they are exceptional swimmers.
A jellyfish has no brain, heart, or bones.
Elephants are the only animals that can’t jump.
Sharks have a sixth sense that helps them detect electromagnetic fields.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards.
Rats are incapable of vomiting.
A group of frogs is called an army.
A blue whale's tongue can weigh as much as an elephant.
The average lifespan of a housefly is only 28 days.
A beehive can house up to 80,000 bees.
Crocodiles have been around for about 200 million years.
A skunk can spray up to 10 feet.
The largest living amphibian is the Chinese giant salamander, which can grow up to 6 feet.
A jellyfish’s sting can remain active for up to 24 hours after it has been detached from its body.
A camel’s hump stores fat, not water.
Some species of birds can mimic human speech.
A group of rhinos is called a crash.
Penguins mate for life and often return to the same nesting site.
Bats are the only mammals that can fly.
A giraffe’s spots are unique, like human fingerprints.
The average cow produces about 6.3 gallons of milk per day.
An eagle can spot its prey from over 2 miles away.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Frogs can communicate using croaks and ribbits.
Some species of frogs can produce toxic substances to protect themselves.
A group of flamingos is known as a "flamboyance."
Sharks have been in existence for over 400 million years.
Dolphins have been observed using tools to forage for food.
There are more than 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The heart of a blue whale is as large as a small car.
Bison can run as fast as 35 mph.
There are more chickens on Earth than any other bird species.
A seahorse’s tail is used to anchor itself to coral and plants.
Elephants are known to be able to recognize themselves in a mirror.
Some species of ants can lift up to 50 times their body weight.
A lion’s roar can be heard up to 5 miles away.
The blue whale’s heart is the size of a small car.
Elephants can "hear" with their feet by detecting vibrations in the ground.
A rabbit's teeth never stop growing.
Some species of frogs can survive being frozen for months.
A sea otter’s fur is so dense that it traps air, allowing it to float.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Hummingbirds have the ability to hover in mid-air by flapping their wings in a figure-eight motion.
Cheetahs can go from 0 to 60 mph in just a few seconds.
The only mammal capable of flight is the bat.
Starfish have no brain, blood, or eyes.
The lifespan of a butterfly can be as short as a few days.
Giraffes have no vocal cords, so they communicate by humming.
A snail can sleep for up to three years at a time.
A group of pandas is known as embarrassment.
The octopus has three hearts and blue blood.
A pelican’s throat pouch can hold more than its stomach.
Turtles can breathe through their butts.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
A group of crows is called a murder.
A zebra’s stripes are unique to each individual, like fingerprints.
The fastest land animal is the cheetah, capable of running up to 75 mph.
Some turtles can live for over 150 years.
The giraffe's tongue can reach up to 18 inches in length.
A polar bear's skin is black, and its fur is translucent.
The heart of a blue whale weighs about 400 pounds.
A penguin's wings are adapted for swimming, not flying.
The largest species of penguin, the Emperor penguin, can grow up to 4 feet tall.
Some frogs can change color based on their surroundings.
Rats can laugh when tickled.
A horse's teeth can grow up to 3 inches in a year.
Sloths can hold their breath underwater for up to 40 minutes.
Koalas sleep up to 22 hours a day.
A group of dolphins is called a pod.
An octopus can camouflage itself by changing the color and texture of its skin.
The axolotl is a species of salamander that can regenerate its limbs, heart, and spinal cord.
A beehive can house around 60,000 bees.
Cows have best friends and can get stressed if they are separated.
The cheetah’s claws do not retract like those of other big cats.
A whale’s song can travel hundreds of miles through the ocean.
Male seahorses carry and give birth to the babies.
An owl can turn its head up to 270 degrees.
Kangaroos can’t walk backwards.
A hummingbird's heart can beat over 1,200 times per minute.
Some species of frogs have skin that can secrete toxins to defend against predators.
The Komodo dragon has a venomous bite that can kill its prey by causing blood poisoning.
Horses can sleep both standing up and lying down.
Sloths move so slowly that algae grows on their fur.
The longest living insect is the termite queen, which can live for over 50 years.
An elephant's trunk has more than 150,000 muscle units.
The kangaroo rat can survive without drinking water, getting all its hydration from food.
Penguins propose to their mates with a pebble.
Sloths can rotate their heads 270 degrees, like owls.
Some spiders can create webs that are strong enough to catch small birds.
The fastest marine animal is the black marlin, which can reach speeds of 82 mph.
A dog’s sense of smell is 40 times more powerful than a human’s.
A lion’s mane can grow up to 16 inches long.
A baby koala is called a joey and stays in its mother's pouch for 6 months.
Some species of sharks can live for more than 400 years.
Bats are the only mammals capable of sustained flight.
Elephants communicate with each other through low-frequency sounds that travel long distances.
The smallest mammal in the world is the bumblebee bat, weighing about 2 grams.
Tigers are excellent swimmers and love to bathe in water.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch long tongue.
A zebra’s stripes help them regulate their body temperature and ward off insects.
Some frogs have transparent skin that lets you see their internal organs.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Elephants can recognize themselves in a mirror.
The cheetah is the fastest animal on land, reaching speeds of up to 70 mph.
Owls hunt in total darkness by using their specialized feathers to create almost silent flight.
The longest-lived animal on Earth is the quahog clam, which can live over 500 years.
A rhinoceros' horn is made of keratin, the same substance as human hair and nails.
A turtle's shell is actually part of its skeleton, and it cannot leave its shell.
Giraffes’ long necks help them eat leaves from tall trees, but they still have to spread their legs to drink water.
A dog’s sense of smell is so strong it can detect cancer and other diseases.
Seahorses are one of the few animals where the male carries and gives birth to the babies.
Kangaroos are marsupials, meaning their babies are born underdeveloped and finish growing in their mother’s pouch.
Bats are the only mammals that can fly, and they have a unique wing structure compared to birds.
A male lion's mane turns darker as it ages.
The average life expectancy of a dog is about 10 to 15 years, depending on the breed.
A cheetah’s acceleration is faster than most sports cars.
Dolphins have been shown to use tools and pass them down through generations.
A starfish has no brain and no blood but has a nervous system and a unique way of moving.
Rats can live for about 2 to 3 years, depending on their environment.
A polar bear's fur is not white, but translucent, and its skin underneath is black.
A chameleon can change color to blend into its surroundings and communicate with other chameleons.
Sharks are older than trees, having existed for around 400 million years.
An ostrich's eyes are larger than its brain.
Snakes can sense heat using special pits in their faces.
Penguins mate for life and share parental duties in raising their chicks.
A group of crows is called a murder, while a group of vultures is called a wake.
Kangaroos can leap over 10 feet in a single bound.
A koala's fingerprint is almost identical to a human's.
Bees communicate with each other through "dancing."
The axolotl, a type of salamander, can regenerate entire limbs, the heart, and parts of its brain.
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.
Some species of frogs can survive freezing and thaw out after months.
An owl can rotate its head up to 270 degrees to look in all directions.
A rabbit’s teeth grow continuously throughout its life.
The largest land animal on Earth is the African elephant.
A group of hedgehogs is called a prickle.
Crocodiles can live for up to 70-100 years.
A koala’s diet consists almost exclusively of eucalyptus leaves.
A group of ferrets is called a business.
Sloths are the slowest mammals on Earth.
A bee can fly for up to 5 miles at a time.
Bats can consume half their body weight in insects every night.
The peregrine falcon is the fastest bird, reaching speeds of over 240 mph during its hunting dive.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood due to the copper-based hemocyanin.
Starfish can regenerate lost arms, and some species can grow a new body from a single arm.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Dolphins are highly social animals and often communicate with a wide range of sounds.
A chameleon can change its color to blend in with its surroundings.
The giant squid has the largest eyes of any animal on Earth.
Whales can communicate across vast distances through underwater songs.
A wombat’s poop is cube-shaped, which helps it stay in place and mark its territory.
Elephants can "hear" through the ground using their feet and legs.
Male seahorses carry and give birth to the young.
Giraffes’ necks have the same number of vertebrae as humans—just seven.
A jellyfish can regenerate its entire body if needed.
An ant can carry 50 times its body weight.
The cheetah is the fastest land animal, capable of reaching speeds over 70 mph.
The tongue of a blue whale weighs as much as an elephant.
A giraffe’s tongue is dark blue or purple to prevent sunburn.
Sloths can hold their breath for up to 40 minutes underwater.
Penguins use their wings to swim underwater, not for flying.
A horse can sleep standing up but gets its deepest sleep while lying down.
Crocodiles cannot stick their tongue out because it is attached to the roof of their mouth.
A group of rabbits is called a warren.
A group of lions is called a pride, and they live in a strict social hierarchy.
A platypus is one of the only mammals that lay eggs.
Some species of ants can form living bridges with their bodies to cross obstacles.
Snakes shed their skin regularly as they grow.
Elephants have excellent memories and can remember other elephants for many years.
The fastest-growing animal is the jellyfish, which can grow and reproduce rapidly in certain conditions.
The star-nosed mole has a unique nose with 22 appendages that help it feel its way around.
A koala's fingerprints are so similar to humans that they can be mistaken for human prints at a crime scene.
The male seahorse is the one that carries the eggs until they hatch.
A dolphin's brain is larger than a human's brain in proportion to body size.
An octopus can escape almost any enclosure, thanks to its flexible body and intelligence.
Hummingbirds can flap their wings up to 80 times per second.
A group of squirrels is called a dray or a scurry.
Giraffes have no vocal cords and communicate with low-frequency sounds that humans cannot hear.
Lions are the only cats that live in groups.
The blue whale's heart weighs around 400 pounds, and it beats only 8-10 times per minute.
Sea otters hold hands while sleeping to avoid drifting apart.
Bats are the only mammals that can sustain flight for long periods.
Sharks do not get cancer, which has led to a great deal of research.
The longest-living mammal is the human, with an average life expectancy of 71 years.
An owl's feathers are specially adapted for silent flight.
Horses have the ability to sleep both standing up and lying down.
A group of hedgehogs is called a prickle.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch-long tongue.
A polar bear’s skin is black to absorb heat from the sun.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards.
The fastest land animal, the cheetah, can go from 0 to 60 mph in just a few seconds.
A lion’s mane is thought to make it look larger and more intimidating to rivals.
Elephants can’t jump due to their heavy bodies and unique skeletal structure.
The platypus is one of the only mammals to lay eggs and has venomous spurs on its hind legs.
Bison can run at speeds of up to 35 mph.
Sharks can live for up to 400 years, depending on the species.
A group of rhinos is called a crash.
Turtles can live for more than 100 years, depending on the species.
A group of wolves is known as a pack, and they have complex social structures.
A panda’s diet consists almost entirely of bamboo, but they are members of the order Carnivora.
A giraffe’s heart weighs about 25 pounds and has to pump blood to the head, overcoming gravity.
The cheetah’s claws do not retract like other cats, aiding in speed.
A platypus’s bill can detect electrical signals from the muscles and nerves of prey.
A bat's wings are a modification of the mammalian forelimb, which is different from a bird’s wing structure.
Some species of ants can form supercolonies that span thousands of miles.
Sloths move so slowly that algae grows on their fur.
A horse’s teeth can grow up to 3 inches per year.
Cows produce more milk when they are exposed to music.
Seahorses are the only fish species in which the male gives birth.
Giraffes have the same number of neck bones as humans, despite their long necks.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Elephants can live to be over 70 years old in the wild.
The heart of a blue whale is so large that a human could swim through its arteries.
Some species of frogs can produce toxins on their skin to ward off predators.
Lions can sleep up to 20 hours a day.
The average lifespan of a house cat is between 12 and 16 years.
Dolphins have their own individual "names" and can call each other by them.
A butterfly's life cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva (caterpillar), pupa (chrysalis), and adult (butterfly).
A male seahorse can carry and give birth to up to 1,000 babies at a time.
The Komodo dragon can grow to be 10 feet long and is a formidable predator with a venomous bite.
Some species of sharks can live for up to 400 years.
Sloths are often considered one of the slowest creatures on Earth, moving only 0.03 miles per hour.
Crocodiles have been around for over 200 million years, making them one of the oldest living species.
A giraffe’s spots are unique to each individual, much like human fingerprints.
An owl can fly silently due to the unique structure of its feathers.
A group of jellyfish is called a bloom.
Sloths only leave the ground once a week to go to the bathroom.
A hummingbird's heart can beat up to 1,200 times per minute during flight.
The average life span of a housefly is about 28 days.
Male seahorses are the only animals where the males give birth to the young.
Octopuses have been known to escape from aquariums and open jars.
A blue whale’s tongue can weigh as much as an elephant.
A baby kangaroo is called a joey and spends several months in its mother's pouch.
Elephants are capable of using tools, such as branches, to swat flies.
A gorilla’s diet consists mostly of leaves, bamboo, and fruits.
A camel can drink up to 40 gallons of water in one go.
Penguins use their flippers to propel themselves through the water, much like a bird flying.
Crows are extremely intelligent and can use tools to solve problems.
The longest-lived animal is the bowhead whale, which can live to over 200 years.
Polar bears have black skin underneath their fur, which helps them absorb heat from the sun.
The eyes of a chameleon are capable of moving independently of each other.
Cheetahs do not roar like lions, but instead chirp, purr, and make other sounds.
Rats are capable of learning how to navigate mazes and are often used in psychological studies.
Some species of frogs are capable of surviving being frozen during the winter.
Owls have specialized feathers that allow them to fly silently while hunting.
Elephants have been observed mourning the loss of their companions and family members.
A male lion's mane is an indication of his strength and health, with darker manes being a sign of better health.
The largest known living organism is a fungal colony in Oregon that covers over 2,385 acres.
A giraffe’s tongue is prehensile and can grip branches while feeding.
Lions are the only cats that live in prides, whereas other big cats are solitary.
Some species of fish can change gender depending on their social environment.
A group of owls is called a parliament, and they are known for their wisdom and knowledge.
The fastest fish in the ocean is the black marlin, capable of swimming at speeds of up to 82 mph.
The skin of a shark is covered in tiny scales called dermal denticles, which help reduce drag and increase swimming efficiency.
Octopuses can escape through holes that are smaller than their body size, thanks to their soft, flexible bodies.
Tigers are solitary animals and mark their territory with urine and scratch marks on trees.
A male seahorse can carry up to 1,000 eggs in a single brood pouch.
Starfish are capable of regenerating their limbs, and some species can regrow an entire new body from a single arm.
A dog’s sense of smell is 10,000 to 100,000 times more powerful than a human’s.
An ant can carry objects up to 50 times its body weight.
Elephants are known for their intelligence and have been observed using tools and communicating with each other using low-frequency sounds.
The horn of a rhinoceros is made of keratin, the same substance as human hair and nails.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards.
A turtle can live for more than 100 years, with some species known to live over 150 years.
A crocodile’s bite is so strong it can snap bones and crush prey in seconds.
Penguins can leap out of the water and onto ice or rocks with incredible speed and agility.
The platypus is one of the few mammals that lay eggs, and it also has the ability to sense electrical signals in the water.
Sloths move so slowly that they can be mistaken for part of the tree they hang from.
A giraffe’s heart weighs around 25 pounds and pumps blood to the brain against gravity.
Bats can live for up to 30 years, depending on the species.
Bees can recognize human faces and communicate with each other through a unique "waggle dance."
The axolotl is capable of regenerating lost limbs, parts of its heart, and spinal cord.
Turtles can breathe through their cloaca, a part of their anatomy that is used for both excretion and reproduction.
The cheetah's non-retractable claws give it traction for high-speed chases.
The largest species of bat is the flying fox, which has a wingspan of up to 5 feet.
A squirrel’s memory can be so bad that it forgets where it has buried its nuts, allowing new trees to grow.
The only marsupial found outside of Australia is the opossum, which lives in North and South America.
A group of flamingos is known as a flamboyance, and they often engage in synchronized group behaviors.
Dolphins have been known to save other animals, including humans, from danger.
A gorilla’s nose print is unique, much like a human fingerprint.
The Arctic Tern holds the record for the longest migration of any bird, flying from the Arctic to the Antarctic.
A sea cucumber can expel its internal organs as a defense mechanism, only to regenerate them later.
A cheetah’s spots are not just for camouflage; they also help regulate its body temperature.
A hippopotamus can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4-foot-wide object in it.
Elephants are capable of distinguishing between different human languages and can react differently to them.
The average lifespan of a domestic cat is between 12 and 16 years.
Some species of fish can communicate with each other using electrical signals.
A rattlesnake’s rattle grows longer as it ages, but the rattles can break off and be difficult to count.
A group of rhinos is called a crash, and they have thick skin to protect them from thorns and harsh conditions.
A dog’s sense of hearing is far superior to that of humans, and they can hear frequencies up to 65,000 Hz.
Whales communicate through songs, and the songs of some species can travel across the ocean for thousands of miles.
A mole’s eyes are extremely small and often covered by fur, as they live underground and don’t need them much.
The cheetah's long tail helps it to maintain balance while running at high speeds.
Penguins spend about 75% of their lives in the water, using their flippers to propel themselves through the ocean.
The world's smallest mammal, the Etruscan shrew, weighs only about 2 grams.
An octopus has three hearts, two of which pump blood to the gills, and one pumps it to the rest of the body.
An owl’s large eyes help it to see in low-light conditions, which is ideal for hunting at night.
Dolphins can live for 40-50 years in the wild, depending on the species.
The star-nosed mole has 22 tentacle-like appendages around its nose that help it detect prey in the dark.
Sloths are so slow that algae grows on their fur, giving them a greenish tint.
The longest living bird is the albatross, which can live up to 60 years.
Giraffes have the highest blood pressure of any land mammal, required to pump blood all the way up to their brains.
Penguins are monogamous, and many species mate for life.
The largest species of tortoise, the Galápagos tortoise, can weigh up to 500 pounds.
The world’s fastest marine animal is the black marlin, which can swim at speeds of up to 82 mph.
Rats can run up to 8 miles per hour and can climb almost any surface.
Sea otters have a pouch under their forearms where they store their favorite tools and food.
Bats are the only mammals capable of sustained flight.
A group of ferrets is called a business, and they are known for their playful behavior.
The axolotl can regenerate entire limbs, its heart, and parts of its brain.
Male seahorses have pouches where they carry fertilized eggs until they hatch.
The blue whale's heart can be as large as a small car.
A platypus can detect electric fields with its bill, helping it find prey in the dark waters.
A sloth can hold its breath for up to 40 minutes underwater.
A group of crows is called a murder, and they are known for their intelligence and complex social structures.
Elephants can weigh up to 6,000 kg (13,200 lbs) and are the largest land animals on Earth.
A cat’s nose has a unique print, similar to a human’s fingerprint.
Some species of jellyfish are biologically immortal, meaning they do not age and can revert back to their juvenile form.
Owls can turn their heads 270 degrees, allowing them to see in all directions without moving their bodies.
Koalas sleep up to 22 hours a day to conserve energy due to their low-nutrient diet of eucalyptus leaves.
A cheetah’s acceleration is faster than a sports car, going from 0 to 60 mph in just a few seconds.
Some species of ants can carry up to 50 times their body weight.
Dolphins have signature whistles, which are like names, and they use them to communicate with each other.
The only marsupial in North America is the opossum.
A group of dolphins is known as a pod, and they are highly social animals that often work together to hunt.
The longest living mammal is the bowhead whale, which can live to over 200 years.
Tigers have stripes on their skin, not just their fur.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out because it is attached to the roof of its mouth.
Sloths spend most of their lives hanging upside down in trees, only coming down once a week to go to the bathroom.
Giraffes’ necks are so long that they have to spread their legs apart to drink water from the ground.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards, thanks to their unique wing structure.
Crocodiles can live for up to 100 years and are among the oldest surviving species.
Some species of bats can consume half their body weight in insects every night.
A chameleon’s color change can be influenced by its emotions, temperature, and light levels.
A wombat’s poop is cube-shaped, which helps prevent it from rolling away and marks its territory.
A penguin’s tuxedo-like appearance is thought to provide camouflage while swimming in the ocean, blending with the dark depths.
Elephants can communicate with each other over long distances using infrasound, low-frequency sounds that travel through the ground.
The common housefly can taste food with its feet.
A jellyfish is 95% water and has no brain or heart.
Some species of frogs can hibernate for months or even years by freezing solid in cold weather.
Turtles can live for over 100 years, with the oldest known turtle living to 189.
The largest known living organism is a fungus in Oregon that spans 2,385 acres.
Giraffes have no vocal cords, so they communicate using low-frequency sounds that humans cannot hear.
Male seahorses are the only male animals that give birth to their offspring.
Lions can sleep up to 20 hours a day and are known for their "cat naps."
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance, and their pink color comes from the food they eat.
Starfish have no blood, but use sea water to pump nutrients through their bodies.
An octopus has three hearts—two pump blood to the gills, while the third pumps it to the rest of the body.
The longest-lived mammal is the human, with an average lifespan of around 72 years.
The world’s fastest bird is the peregrine falcon, which can dive at speeds exceeding 240 mph.
A rhinoceros’ horn is made of keratin, the same material as human hair and nails.
The largest living species of shark, the whale shark, can grow to lengths of up to 60 feet.
Kangaroos are unable to walk backward due to the structure of their legs and tail.
Some species of fish, such as parrotfish, sleep in "sleeping bags" made from mucus to protect themselves from predators.
Cheetahs have non-retractable claws that help them maintain traction during high-speed chases.
A platypus can produce venom in the spurs on its hind legs.
Elephants are capable of using tools, like sticks, to scratch themselves or swat flies.
A group of owls is called a parliament, and they are known for their silent, nocturnal hunting.
Whales communicate through songs, and some species' songs can travel thousands of miles through the ocean.
The giraffe’s tongue is dark purple or blue, which helps prevent sunburn.
Rats can laugh when tickled, and their laughter is ultrasonic and can’t be heard by humans.
A flamingo’s pink color comes from the carotenoid pigments in the algae and crustaceans it eats.
Sloths are so slow that algae can grow on their fur, giving them a greenish tint.
A group of rabbits is called a warren, and they live in complex underground burrow systems.
A wolf’s howl can be heard up to 10 miles away in the forest.
A hummingbird’s wings beat about 80 times per second while hovering.
Gorillas are vegetarians, mainly eating leaves, stems, and fruit.
Sharks have been around for over 400 million years, even before the dinosaurs.
A lion’s mane is a sign of his health and age, with older lions typically having darker manes.
The world’s largest rodent is the capybara, which can weigh up to 150 pounds.
An owl's eyes are fixed in their sockets, so they have to turn their heads to see in different directions.
